>> Steve Kinney: So
the Redux is really small.
And we're actually gonna pull
it apart in a second here.
It really only has about five functions,
all right.
And three of these are kind
of like helpers, right?
Compose is very similar to flow or
pipe from low dash.
It's actually not related to Redux at all.
It's just a helper that you can use for
things.
combineReducers just lets you take
a big object in your state and
combine it all together.
And bindActionCreators is just another
helper function that you can use, right?
So there's not a lot to Redux, and we'll
actually see it as we play around with it.
So I'm gonna kinda go and we'll do
a little bit of live code together.
So here we've got, I've just pulled
off all these methods off of Redux.
So we can kind of see them all here.
And these are just some kind of
very basic functions, right?
And so
we're gonna see how each of these work.
We'll start by the easiest one,
which is just compose, right?
What compose does is it takes
some number of functions,
right, one or more functions, and
it returns a new function that takes
a value and shoots it through
all of those functions, right?
So let's actually see that in action.
I've got three functions in here.
We've got makeLouder,
which takes the string and
makes it all uppercase
like you're screaming.
repeatThreeTimes, I think
that's pretty straightforward.
And embolden, which apparently
I found this out just by taking
a string in the console and
seeing what methods were available,
will wrap it in bold tags, right?
And so what we wanna do is create a new
function that we're gonna call it
makeLouder, embold,and repeatThreeTimes,
right?
And we'll use Redux compose to
kind of create that for us.
And we'll see that it's not really, truly
of the five functions that we need to
learn to truly understand Redux,
this one doesn't even really count.
But it is super useful, and
we'll use it when composing multiple
middleware into one middleware and
stuff along those lines.
So we'll just say const
makeLouderAndBoldAndRepeatThreeTimes.
It's very clear what this function does,
right?
And so here, we'll just say compose.
And we'll take those three functions,
we'll say embolden.
We'll say repeatThreeTimes.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll say makeLouder.
Cool, and we'll grab this function,
which I don't feel like retyping cuz every
character I type has a chance for a typo.
And we'll just console log,
>> Steve Kinney: hello, cool.
And so, you can see that it is all
capitalized, repeated three times, and
wrapped in B tags, which aren't even in
HTML5 or semantically correct anymore.